[NEKU]
This is it. My last game.
Shiki... Joshua...
I'll win this for you.
It's just seven more days.
And I'm gonna survive 'em!
[phone buzzes]
Right! Here we go.
[KONISHI]
Game one: Reach 104.
You have 60 minutes.
The cost of failure is erasure.
[YASHIRO]
Is it me,
or have the games been
uber weird lately?
Weird, but still legal.
They're finding every loophole
and then threading
them perfectly.
Consider the area we're in
dark grey, not quite black.
[YASHIRO sighs]
[KARIYA] Welp, either way you
slice it, a job's still a job.
If you ask me, this game is
more of a joke than a job.
I mean, they've only got one
Player in the running this week.
And the GM's none other
than Miss Konishi.
I wanna show off for her,
but I don't know how!
The Iron Maiden, huh?
[NEKU] Damn it! I can't
go anywhere like this.
I need to hurry up
and find a partner.
[phone buzzes]
[NEKU] "PS. This game
only has one Player"?
No way! I'm the only one?
That means I can't make a pact!
[NEKU]
What now?
I could try running for
the next seven days,
but the second I get a
mission to slay some Noise,
I'm guaranteed to fail.
[growls]
[YASHIRO]
Found you!
[NEKU]
Reapers!
Nothing personal, kid.
Just doing what we're
told, that's all.
I'll even give you a countdown
for your touching finale.
Ready?
Ten! Nine! Eight! Seven! Six!
Screw it! This is
taking too long! Zero!
Oh, man!
[YASHIRO]
Toodles, you little twerp!
[NEKU] No! This can't be
how it ends! I won't let it!
[YASHIRO]
I'm holding back.
Mister two‐week champ.
At last, put up more of a fight.
[NEKU]
I'm not gonna lose!
Sorry, but you are.
[BEAT]
Yo, yo, yo, yo! Not so fast!
[NEKU]
Beat?
[BEAT] You guys are
playin' way too dirty!
Ugh! Not you!
Oh, to be young
and foolish again.
First you jerks tell
me to go take down
my bro like Phones
"just 'cause!"
And now you guys
are havin' a game
where the one Player
can't even hope to win?
That's messed up!
[BEAT] Maybe the Composer's
down with that,
but I ain't the type to
let shady stuff slide!
So, hope you're hungry
for some pavement, yo!
Does that mean that you're
resigning from the Reapers?
[BEAT]
Damn right!
You sure? Skulls,
switch on your brain.
You're leaving us for
a team bound to lose.
That's treading on
some pretty thin ice.
[BEAT] It ain't cold
enough for ice, stupid!
Whaddaya say, Phones?
Huh?
Let's make a pact so you
can stand a chance.
Us against all them.
Okay!
Well, we gotta bounce for now.
Right!
Get back here!
[KARIYA]
Whoa, Uzuki! Stop!
Reporting to the
brass comes first.
You don't wanna look
unprofessional, right?
After all, the real party
hasn't even started yet.
[NEKU]
Mission cleared.
Thanks a lot.
You saved the day.
Wait, did you just smile
and thank me for helping you?
I was kind of a jerk before,
so why'd you join me?
[BEAT] 'Cause you were
hung out to dry, man!
Anyone could see those Reapers
were doin' you wrong.
It hurt to watch.
Oh, and... I owed you.
Pretty cool of you
to give me this.
[NEKU]
Rhyme's pendant?
You know, all I did was pick
it up and return it to you.
I really hope that's not the
only reason you helped me.
Don't they, like, erase Reapers
for partnering with Players?
Ah! Dude, quit complainin'!
Our partner pact worked, so who
cares about the details, yo?
Uh‐oh.
[BEAT]
What?
You don't have your
wings anymore.
[BEAT]
Hm?
Oh, I guess I don't.
Is that a problem?
Nah.
That Reaper crap was lame.
I was gettin' sick of it anyway.
This is more my speed,
so they can keep their wings!
But forget me, man,
why're you in the Game again?
What happened to that
prissy kid you were with?
[NEKU]
His name... was Joshua.
[BEAT]
That majorly sucks, man.
I can't believe they gave
you such a shitty penalty.
[NEKU]
Yeah.
[BEAT] I mean, sure,
you were his partner,
but lettin' a livin'
Player in the game
was the Reapers'
screw‐up, right?
That Shades.
He's such a snake!
[NEKU] They've still got
Shiki as my entry fee
for the last game.
Then we've got no choice
but to win this!
Right.
C'mon! Follow me, Phones!
Beat! Wait! Where to?
Someplace I've been meanin'
to check out for a while now.
Let's book it!
[NEKU]
Hey! What's the rush?
I'll take down this wall down
like, "Shika‐pow! Ba‐ba‐bam!"
Do you even understand
yourself when you talk?
Heh. Yeah, I used to trip
Rhyme up a lot, too.
[NEKU]
That Noise.
Cute, right? She's made
up of Rhyme's soul.
[NEKU]
Huh?
[BEAT]
Hanekoma picked up the pieces
and turned her into
a Noise to save her.
[BEAT] I thought I could bring
her back by becomin' a Reaper,
but you know how that went.
And turns out only the
Composer has the power
to do that stuff, anyway.
Keep this under your headset.
The next Composer's gonna be me.
Can a human even do that?
[BEAT] Yeah. Mister Hanekoma
broke it down for me.
Said whoever takes down
the one in charge
gets to call the shots after.
[NEKU] Wow. Is there anything
that guy doesn't know?
So no worries!
Bringin' dead people
back to life
is just one of the
Composer's specialties.
Soon as I get the job,
I'll save you 'n' Shiki, and
anyone else who wants to live!
[NEKU] I actually have an idea
of where the Composer might be.
[BEAT]
So do I.
[NEKU, BEAT]
The Shibuya River.
Heads up!
[yells]
You're openin', like it or not!
[BEAT]
Aw, yeah!
[NEKU]
Jeez! What are you, part rhino?
[BEAT]
I just used a Reaper keypin.
[NEKU] Well, this'll
definitely come in handy.
Thing is, it only opens up walls
that are in the area I ran
when I was a Reaper.
If you get on Ironface's level,
you get keys to
everywhere in Shibuya.
Ironface?
[BEAT]
She's this week's Game Master.
Name's Konishi.
I've been informed that another
rebellion has taken place.
It's one of our newer recruits.
[KONISHI]
Him. Daisukenojo Bito.
You gave him special orders,
though he's only been
with us for eight days.
With your permission, sir,
I would like to address
this issue personally.
No. Treat him as a
Player from now on.
Shouldn't that be my decision?
I am the Game Master.
[KITANIJI] Konishi talking back.
Will wonders never cease?
I have a plan to erase
both Daisukenojo Bito
and Neku Sakuraba,
but it requires Reapers to
equip their Outlet Pins.
Conductor. You're sure?
[KITANIJI] Unless you wanna see
more good men killed in action.
The clock is ticking.
I'm officially putting
the Shibuya Underground
on Emergency Call.
[gasps] Is that necessary?
[KITANIJI] I trust you'll
make the arrangements
like the pro you are.
Yes. Of course. Right away, sir.
[KONISHI]
Something's wrong.
Why such alarm over
two mere Players?
[KONISHI] I'll act once
I acquire more data
and can better
assess the situation.
Every good plan starts
with hard facts.
[YASHIRO] Three weeks of
fun‐filled Reapers' games
in a row.
[sighs] I'm just so burnt‐out.
[KONISHI] If you request leave,
I'll be sure to approve it.
Uh! I didn't see you there!
Please don't get the wrong
idea about what I said!
What Uzuki was getting
at is she's looking
for more of a challenge.
[YASHIRO]
Yes! Exactly!
Then I have a
special assignment.
[YASHIRO]
We'd be honored!
[KONISHI]
I've seen your work.
It's evident you're quite
the capable Reaper.
If you can get results, your
promotion is assured, Yashiro.
Hear that?
She thinks I'm capable!
Woot‐woot. Go, girl.
[KONISHI]
As for you, Mister Kariya.
With your strength
and years of loyalty,
you should already be
an officer candidate, yet‐‐
[KARIYA]
Anywho.
What I'm more curious about
is your current strategy.
[KONISHI] I'm going
to hide. Simple, right?
But it'll be in a place from
which I can attack at will.
Y'know, Beat, Josh was
hunting the Composer, too.
And his search eventually
led us to the river,
but a barrier kept us out.
Yeah, I know. You're lucky
you two backed off.
Woulda been a Taboo Noise snack
if you tried to
force your way in.
That how that works?
[RHYME NOISE grunts]
What's up?
[RHYME NOISE growling]
How do you do?
It's Ironface.
Actually, my name's
Mitsuki Konishi.
Game Master to you,
Daisukenojo B‐‐
That's... "Beat"... to... you!
You received specific orders,
but alas, you ignored them
in favor of guarding
Neku Sakuraba from Noise
under the guise of combat.
[BEAT chuckles]
You saw through that?
Even I saw through that.
[BEAT yells]
Though you're deserving
of instant erasure,
you're locked in a pact
with Mister Sakuraba.
Thus, you'll be treated as a
Player instead of a traitor.
[BEAT] Heh. You here to swipe
my entry fee or somethin'?
[KONISHI] Precisely. And the
thing you care for most is‐‐
[BEAT]
None of your business, lady!
[BEAT yells]
[NEKU]
Beat!
[BEAT]
Let her go.
[BEAT grunts]
I think this little Noise will
suffice as your new payment.
If you want her returned,
I suggest you do as you're told.
[BEAT]
Give her back.
She's already suffered
enough as it is!
[gasps]
Rhyme!
I will now assign the mission
for all of this week's Players.
I'm going to hide somewhere and
you are to find and defeat me.
I'll throw down with you
right now, Ironface!
Easy!
You have six days to
complete this task.
[gasps] Six?
[KONISHI] I shall remain
in the same place.
I won't move from
that spot all week.
If you don't wish to be erased,
you should find me as
soon as you possibly can.
Hopefully, you boys won't
perish before you do.
Attention, Shibuya Reapers.
This is your current
Game Master speaking,
and I'm initiating
an Emergency Call.
Should you encounter the rebel,
show no mercy and
erase him on sight.
The same goes for his partner.
Do not take either
of them lightly.
Should you encounter the rebel,
show no mercy and
erase him on sight.
The same goes for his partner.
Do not take either
of them lightly.
[NEKU]
Not good.
Let's move.
An Emergency Call for two
plucky kids is one thing,
but they want us to
equip O‐Pins, too?
They're secret weapons that give
us Reapers a gigantic boost.
What's not to like?
[KARIYA] Having unchained
power is great and all,
but ever wonder why the chains
have stayed on till now?
Because of how much
strain it puts on the users.
[YASHIRO]
Hm...
They look like the pins that are
taking the town by storm lately.
Hang on. It is the same pin.
The Composer dig
the style, or what?
Can't believe they're really
breakin' these puppies out.
What is it that's got
the higher‐ups
this level of spooked?
Oh, shit!
This bites! Ironface ain't gonna
make it that easy, is she?
[NEKU]
Nope.
[BEAT]
Good one, man!
[NEKU]
We need to find her, stat.
We can't hold out forever.
[NEKU gasps]
Aha! Thought I smelled a rat!
[BEAT] Psh, I don't smell
anything like a rat!
Don't fight like one either.
We go, then you lose.
Big talk!
But with this O‐Pin,
the only place you're axing
me is in your dreams!
Now, sic 'em!
[NEKU]
Look out!
[growls]
Damn it.
You clowns and your mutts are
wastin' time that we don't have!
Don't get sloppy on me.
[NEKU]
Ditto!
[yells]
[NEKU yells]
Come back when you grow a pair!
Yeah. Or maybe never.
We're comin' for you, yo!
My gut's tellin' me she's
hidin' in there, bud.
Where? O‐East?
[BEAT] This place kinda brings
back memories, doesn't it?
[BEAT]
S'barely been two weeks,
but it somehow feels like
a lot more than that.
[NEKU]
Yeah. Better times, huh?
[777]
What're you guys doing here?
[BEAT, NEKU]
Hm?
[NEKU]
Oh, hey.
[NEKU] Did you ever find
your missing mic?
[777]
Nah.
Well, here's hoping it turns up.
[777] At least we had a stroke
of luck with our ticket sales.
That's awesome!
Right?
Well then, looks like you should
be preppin' for your show.
Stop wastin' our time
'n' quit wastin' yours.
Sorry, we're looking
for Konishi.
Oh, are you?
Haven't seen her.
Looks like my hunch
wasn't so good after all.
Guess we're done here.
There's an Emergency
Call on, y'know.
And we would crush you, y'know.
If I wasn't so fond
of the double life
I lead in the RG and UG,
I would've turned a blind eye.
And though I don't
know what you did
to put a price on your heads,
I intend to collect if it keeps
the peace in the Underground.
We ain't the bad guys here!
[777]
You are to me, Daisukenojo Bito!
Wait. Who?
[BEAT] Argh! Don't you dare
call me that, you porcupine!
Is that your real name?
[BEAT] I know it's lame, man!
So don't rub it in!
Just call me Beat
and be done with it!
[NEKU]
S‐Sure.
Let's rock! Daisukenojo Bito!
Yo! The beat is on!
Let's bring it!
[BEAT] There's more
where that came from.
Get wrecked!
And there ya have it!
Not half bad.
'Least you admit it!
But know what?
Instead of "not half bad,"
just call me "Mister Beat."
Does it matter?
That cost us some time, yo.
Let's try 'n' make up for it.
[777]
Wait. You aren't gonna end me?
You've got a sold‐out concert.
What would your fans
and bandmates do
if you weren't there?
That would, um... suck. Yeah.
Here, take this.
[NEKU]
A keypin?
[777]
My personal keypin.
Beat can open a few
walls with his,
but mine'll give you
access to much more.
‐‐Dude!
‐‐Are you sure?
Being indebted to
people is so not metal.
[BEAT] If you insist.
'Preciate ya, Porcupine!
[777] I'll be in trouble if
this gets out, so get movin'.
What good's a sold‐out concert?
None of my bandmates are
around to perform it with me.
I noticed you held back.
Miss Konishi!
Where'd you come from?
You were ordered to equip your
Outlet Pin, were you not?
Yet you fought that
entire battle without it.
I tried to play fair.
Besides, there's no
time to for this crap!
Reapers, my friends, are getting
slaughtered by Taboo Noise!
Shouldn't that take priority
over a couple teenagers?
What are you
and Kitaniji thinking?
Well, if you can't
obey orders...
[gasps]
[777 screams]
[KONISHI laughing]
[NEKU]
Next time: "Rhyme and Beat."